(upbeat music)
♪ Now that I have
captured your attention ♪
♪ I wanna steal you for
a rhythm intervention ♪
♪ Mr. TSA, I'm ready for inspection ♪
♪ Sh-sh-show me how you
make a first impression ♪
♪ Oh, oh can we take it nice and ♪
♪ Slow, slow, break it down and drop it ♪
♪ Low, low, 'cause I just wanna ♪
♪ Party all night in the neon lights ♪
♪ 'Til you can't let me go ♪
♪ I just wanna feel your
body right next to mine ♪
♪ All night long, baby,
slow down the song ♪
♪ And when it's coming closer
to the end hit rewind ♪
♪ All night long, baby,
slow down the song ♪
♪ Slow, slow ♪
♪ Yeah, baby, slow down the song ♪
♪ If you want me, I'm
accepting applications ♪
♪ So long as we can keep
this record on rotation ♪
♪ You know I'm good with
mouth to mouth resuscitation ♪
♪ Breathe me in, breathe
me out, so amazing ♪
♪ Oh, oh, can we take it nice and ♪
♪ Slow, slow, break it down and drop it ♪
♪ Low, low, 'cause I just wanna ♪
♪ Party all night in the neon lights ♪
♪ 'Til you can't let me go ♪
♪ I just wanna feel your
body right next to mine ♪
♪ All night long, baby,
slow down the song ♪
♪ And when it's coming closer
to the end hit rewind ♪
♪ All night long, baby,
slow down the song ♪
♪ Slow, slow ♪
♪ Yeah, baby, slow down the song ♪
♪ Breathe me in, breathe me out ♪
♪ The music's got me going ♪
♪ No stopping 'til the morning ♪
♪ Breathe me in, breathe me out ♪
♪ You know I'm ready for it ♪
♪ For it, for it, yeah ♪
♪ Breathe me in, breathe me out ♪
♪ The music's got me going ♪
♪ No stopping 'til the morning ♪
♪ Breathe me in, breathe me out ♪
♪ You know I'm ready for it ♪
♪ For it, for it, yeah ♪
(upbeat music)
♪ I just wanna feel your
body right next to mine ♪
♪ All night long, baby,
slow down the song ♪
♪ And when it's coming closer
to the end hit rewind ♪
♪ All night long, baby,
slow down the song ♪
♪ Slow, slow ♪
♪ Yeah, baby, slow down the song ♪